#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohttp==3.9.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.13.1
    # via flask-migrate
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.3.0
    # via langchain-core
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
blinker==1.7.0
    # via flask
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via flask
dataclasses-json==0.6.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
flask==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
flask-migrate==4.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via flask
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.1.10
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.0.25
    # via langchain
langchain-core==0.1.28
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-text-splitters==0.0.1
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.14
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
mako==1.3.2
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.21.0
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
orjson==3.9.15
    # via langsmith
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   gunicorn
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==2.6.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
pydantic-core==2.16.3
    # via pydantic
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.27
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via flask
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
